Implement configurable working directory (#230)
projectsyn/commodore: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/reference/cli.adoc

Some command line options aren't associated with a specific command, but can
provided to any command instead.

*--working-dir*::

>   Commodore will create a whole bunch of directories and files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Commodore creates a large amount of directories and files.
```

>   By default, this happens within the current working directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  By default, this happens in the current working directory of the environment in which Commodore is executed.
```

>   Setting option, makes commodore create them at the provided location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If this option is provided, Commodore will create its directories and files in the provided location.
```
